hello people are not gabriel
I'm going to try to help you today.
solve a bug that happens is normal in
iphone 5
I read on the internet it seems
this happens when you lock it
application at the time you are using
normal operation
good I decided here O
this bug is the total bug he does not
It works, you can not do it.
some do what I'm doing here
Good, I'll show you the way here.
as I solved I held the power button
and this fund
during my power button problem
security will start
That's the way I got it.
solve sibugay that's how he came back
to normal
started appliance came back worked all over
It worked everything the way it was in
time it seems it can be a
nightmare is because you already imagine the worst
have to change the screen you have to change the
totti seek assistance but as
it was Saturday night
I did not know what to do, I tried
here fashion you can get
also the fifth attempt to synchronize it
for itunes, right?
but good, right?
perfectly
I hope I can help you there because
I know it's complicated to be without
cell where there is most functions only
works by turf beauty
then is it guys forced there worth